# Towards Efficient and Explainable Hate Speech Detection via Model Distillation

## Overview

Llama 3 8B distilled model for hate speech explanation and classification.

## Contents

- `data/` - Directory with the used datasets.
- `distillation/` - Directory containing the code used for distillation.
- `prompts/` - Directory with the prompts used.

## Data access

Data access can be requested. Upon approval, the data will be provided. Moreover, we will provide the explanations generated by the models.

## Citation

Soon!

## Disclaimer

This repository includes content that may contain hate speech, offensive language, or other forms of inappropriate and objectionable material. The content present in the dataset is not created or endorsed by the authors or contributors of this project. It is collected from various sources and does not necessarily reflect the views or opinions of the project maintainers.

The purpose of using this repository is for research, analysis, or educational purposes only. The authors do not endorse or promote any harmful, discriminatory, or offensive behaviour conveyed in the dataset.

Users are advised to exercise caution and sensitivity when interacting with or interpreting the repository. If you choose to use the datasets or models, it is recommended to handle the content responsibly and in compliance with ethical guidelines and applicable laws.

The project maintainers disclaim any responsibility for the content within the repository and cannot be held liable for how it is used or interpreted by others.

## License

This project is licensed under the META LLAMA 3 COMMUNITY LICENSE AGREEMENT - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
